Hello dear friends with you even in
this sidewalk or in my second one
I will show you how to set up a whale start on your
maincraft server
open your server and we need to
this command plugin beech link will be in
description under the video, open commands beech
see the text of this paper birds and
open it with notepad + +
the link will also be in the description below the video
foreigner your kickstart you will have
that's how it is written well whale toilets
there from a tree of type that's there that's me
I know that's changed that's all I have
I'll throw off this here in the description if you
want also like me do here
I am set up an apple glass torch
stone tree there sword spade pickaxe ax
diamond here and there you can write that
want to
the site will be in the description under the video that
You can write and so here
save here I have already saved
here
due to run north
he is immersed now
well, well, well
for a moment
Now we are passing by
here
this is my kickstart which was not issued and
Now I will show you what exactly
works 5 we write kids
and here we get this kickstart
which we inscribed there
Now
I’ll show you how to set up
so that after a while it was issued again
go to the team beech kids
and this is where we have 20
stood 20 we write let's say 80000 this
seconds in my opinion if I'm not mistaken
now save
feel free to start the server
nickname we lost on
Well, that's every player if he registered a whale
start and want to prescribe it again
he can only register it after 870
thousand seconds it's minutes it's me now
I can’t quickly count
same again
and the days will have to restart
so apparently we have it starts delete
and here
and write again kit
tarts
on the skit starts and again
see what he writes
the fact that it can be issued only through
time we write feeds again
well, and so
thanks for watching with you was give
subscribe to the channel put likes
Comment and on meetings and in the next
Tutorial I'll show you probably what
some other plugin
subscribe everyone